{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial Black;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial Narrow;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}

\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs24
\margl720\margr720\margt720\margb720





\b\caps Celenthea\b0\caps0\par
\b Val\tab Char\tab Cost\tab Roll\tab Notes\par
\b0 15\tab STR\tab 0\tab 12-\tab Lift 200.0kg; 3d6\par
10\tab DEX\tab 0\tab 11-\tab OCV:  3/DCV:  3\par
10\tab CON\tab 0\tab 11-\par
13\tab BODY\tab 0\tab \par
18\tab INT\tab 0\tab 13-\tab PER Roll 15-\par
10\tab EGO\tab 0\tab 11-\tab ECV:  3 - 4\par
20\tab PRE\tab 0\tab 13-\tab PRE Attack:  4d6\par
\par
\par
2/5\tab PD\tab 0\tab Total:  2/5 PD (0/3 rPD)\par
2/5\tab ED\tab 0\tab Total:  2/5 ED (0/3 rED)\par
5\tab SPD\tab 20\tab Phases:  3, 5, 8, 10, 12\par
4\tab REC\tab 0\par
20\tab END\tab 0\par
20\tab STUN\tab 0\tab\b Total Characteristic Cost:\b0   \b 20\par
\b0\par
\b Movement:\b0\tab Running:\tab 12m/24m\par
\tab Leaping:\tab 4m/8m\par
\tab Swimming:\tab 4m/8m\par
\par
\b Cost\tab Powers\tab END\b0 \par
\tab Characteristics\par
5\tab 1)  +5 STR\tab 1\par
8\tab 2)  +8 INT\par
10\tab 3)  +10 PRE\par
10\tab 4)  +1 SPD\par
3\tab 5)  +3 BODY\par
3\tab 6)  +1 DMCV\par
\tab  \par
\tab Power List\par
5\tab 1)  \i Infernal Form:\i0   LS  (Longevity: 800 Years; Safe in Intense Heat)\par
\b\tab\tab Notes:\b0   This is the NOTE block of the Power.\par
5\tab 2)  \i Eyes Of Fire:\i0   IR Perception (Sight Group)\par
6\tab 3)  \i Demonic Senses:\i0   +2 PER with all Sense Groups\par
30\tab 30 points' worth of increased Characteristics\par
50\tab \i 50pts of Spells and Magical Abilities:\i0   Custom Power (50 Active Points)\par
\tab List Sample\par
5\tab 1)  Blast 1d6\tab 1\par
0\tab 2)  Differing Modifiers:  (1 Active Points) for up to 1 Points of [unknown]\tab 1\par
\tab\i Martial Art: Glantrian SwordFighting\par
\b\i0\tab Maneuver\tab OCV\tab DCV\tab Notes\b0 \par
5\tab Defensive Strike\tab +1\tab +3\tab Weapon +2 DC Strike\par
\tab\tab\b Notes:\b0   This is also a Note\par
4\tab Martial Dodge\tab --\tab +5\tab Dodge, Affects All Attacks, Abort\par
4\tab Fast Strike\tab +2\tab +0\tab Weapon +4 DC Strike\par
4\tab Nerve Strike\tab -1\tab +1\tab 3d6 NND\par
2\tab Weapon Element:  Blades, Empty Hand [Default], Staffs\par
\tab\tab\b Notes:\b0   This is a Note\par
8\tab +2 HTH Damage Class(es)\par
\par
\b\tab Skills\b0 \par
13\tab Magic 18-\par
3\tab KS: Arcane and Occult Lore 13-\par
3\tab KS: a Type or School of Magic 13-\par
12\tab 12pts of KSs \par
1\tab Literacy \par
3\tab Spell Research 13-\par
6\tab \i 6pts of Skills from the Following List:\i0   Acting, Analyze Magic, Animal Handler, Bureaucratics, Concealment, Conversation, Cramming, Cryptography, Deduction, Demolitions (if appropriate to setting), Embalming, Forgery, Gambling, Healing, High Society, Inventor, Oratory, Persuasion, Sleight Of Hand, Stealth, Weapon Familiarity, any Background Skill, Magesight \par
\par
\b Total Powers & Skill Cost:\b0   \b 208\par
Total Cost:\b0   \b 228\par
\par
175+\tab Disadvantages\b0 \par
10\tab Distinctive Features:  (Not Concealable; Always Noticed and Causes Major Reaction [fear/loathing]; Detectable By Unusual Senses)\par
53\tab Experience Points\par
\par
\b Total Disadvantage Points:\b0   \b 228\par
\b0\par
\b Background/History:\b0   Celenthea is a Tiefling that was created along with several others in Glantri to be a slave race to one of the Princes. Decades ago they were able to excape into the Broken Lands and under and survive. Tired of living as a captitve in just another prison she decided to go to the surface world and explore, maybe find a home for her people that {\par}they could live in without worrying about how they were living.\par
\par
\b Personality/Motivation:\b0   Still young compared to most of her friends and family, she can be a bit hot headed and tends to jump in where cooler heads were to wait. One of the big reasons she is on{\par}the surface world exploring is she got up one day, was fed up with everything and left. No plan, no help, no real resources.\par
\par
\b Quote:\b0   [Quote]\par
\par
\b Powers/Tactics:\b0   When spells won't help, she'll resort to the sword. When the Sword doesn't help, she'll resport to spells. What other tactics do you need?\par
\par
\b Campaign Use:\b0   Celenthea was created mainly as a DM character to explore the rules and possibilites of mixing the Pathfinder RAces with a setting like MYstara that is very OSR.\par
\par
\b Appearance:\b0   \par
\par
}
 